c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\Database1.mdf
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\Database1_log.ldf
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\WcfService.dll.config
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\WcfService.dll
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\WcfService.pdb
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\BusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\DataLayer.dll
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\BusinessLayer.pdb
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\bin\DataLayer.pdb
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\obj\Debug\WcfService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\obj\Debug\WcfService.dll
c:\users\lenovo1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService\WcfService\obj\Debug\WcfService.pdb
